README.md, before:

## Privet Repository Access Issue Proof

![Privet Repository Access Issue Proof](./assets/private_reposotory.png "Privet Repository Access Issue Proof")

#### Create a README file to answer the following question-

#### 1) What is the difference between var, let, and const?

Ans:

#### 2) What is the difference between map(), forEach(), and filter()?

Ans:

#### 3) What are arrow functions in ES6?

Ans:

#### 4) How does destructuring assignment work in ES6?

Ans:

#### 5) Explain template literals in ES6. How are they different from string concatenation?

Ans:

---

## WELCOME TO ( সহজ সরল সিম্পল ) ASSIGNMENT-006

### 📅 Deadline For 60 marks: 9th September, 2025 (11:59 pm ⏱️)

### 📅 Deadline For 50 marks : 13th September , 2025 (6:00 pm⏱️)

### 📅 Deadline For 30 marks: Any time after 13the September , 2025 (6:01 pm⏱️).

---

# Green Earth

## Private Repository: https://classroom.github.com/a/nVZrg5R9

## Alternative Private Repository: https://classroom.github.com/a/KCGI14ST

## Alternative Private Repository: https://classroom.github.com/a/JMuIYqgK

---

## 🌴 API Endpoints

1. Get 🌴All Plants

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/plants
```

2. Get 🌴All categories <br/>

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/categories
```

3. Get 🌴plants by categories <br/>

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/category/${id}
```

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/category/1
```

4. Get 🌴Plants Detail <br/>

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/plant/${id}
```

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/plant/1
```

---

## ✅ Main Requirements

#### 1) Navbar

-   Website **logo/name** on the **left**
-   **Menu items** in the **center**
-   **Plant a Tree button** on the **right**

#### 2) Banner

-   A **background image**
-   A **title** and **subtitle**
-   A **centered button**

#### 3) About Campaign

-   **Section heading**
-   **Image on the left**, **text on the right**

#### 4) Our Impact Section

-   Show **3 cards** with campaign **statistics**

#### 5) Plant a Tree Today Section & Footer

-   **Form**: Name, Email, Number of Trees
-   **Footer** with copyright info

#### 6) Responsiveness

-   Website must be **mobile responsive**

## ⚙️ Functionalities

1. Category Loading
   Load Tree Categories dynamically on the left side.

2. Category Click → Tree Data
   On clicking a category: load trees of that category.

Display in a 3-column card layout.

3.  Card Contents
    Each card includes:

           - Image

           -  Name

           - Short description

           - Category

           - Price

           - Add to Cart button

4.  Modal on Card Click
    Clicking a tree name on a card opens a modal with full tree details.

## 🧪 Challenges

    1) Add to Cart
    Clicking Add to Cart: - Adds the tree to Cart List
                          - Shows tree name

    2) Total Calculation
    Calculate total price of trees in cart.

    3) Remove from Cart
    Clicking ❌ removes tree and deducts price from total.

    4) Loading Spinner
    Show spinner while data is loading.

    5) Active Button State
    Highlight active category button when selected.

🧰 Technology Stack:

        HTML

        CSS (Vanilla / Tailwind / DaisyUI)

        JavaScript (Vanilla only, no frameworks)

📌 Rules
✅ At least 5 meaningful commits

❌ No dummy text or Lorem Ipsum — must use relevant content

## 🔗 Submission

-   **Live Link :** YOUR_DEPLOYED_URL_HERE
-   **GitHub Private Repository:** YOUR_REPO_URL_HERE

---

Commit message:

forget to push. my mistake. suddenly i realize that i create live link without pushig it on github :(

README.md, after:

## Privet Repository Access Issue Proof

![Privet Repository Access Issue Proof](./assets/private_reposotory.png "Privet Repository Access Issue Proof")

#### Create a README file to answer the following question-

#### 1) What is the difference between var, let, and const?

Ans:var is a function scope, canbe redeclared. let is block scope, can be reassigned. const is block scope cant be redeclared or reassigned.

#### 2) What is the difference between map(), forEach(), and filter()?

Ans:map() transform each element and return new arry. foreach() run a funtion for each elemnt and return undefined. and filter() create a new arry with a condotion.

#### 3) What are arrow functions in ES6?

Ans:arrow functions are a shorter way to write functions in ES6.

#### 4) How does destructuring assignment work in ES6?

Ans:destructuring assignment takes values from array or object into another variable in a syncronous way. exp:const [a, b, c] = [1, 2, 3];

#### 5) Explain template literals in ES6. How are they different from string concatenation?

Ans:template literals use backticks (`) and ${} syntax. it support multi line strings and variable.

---

## WELCOME TO ( সহজ সরল সিম্পল ) ASSIGNMENT-006

### 📅 Deadline For 60 marks: 9th September, 2025 (11:59 pm ⏱️)

### 📅 Deadline For 50 marks : 13th September , 2025 (6:00 pm⏱️)

### 📅 Deadline For 30 marks: Any time after 13the September , 2025 (6:01 pm⏱️).

---

# Green Earth

## Private Repository: https://classroom.github.com/a/nVZrg5R9

## Alternative Private Repository: https://classroom.github.com/a/KCGI14ST

## Alternative Private Repository: https://classroom.github.com/a/JMuIYqgK

---

## 🌴 API Endpoints

1. Get 🌴All Plants

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/plants
```

2. Get 🌴All categories <br/>

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/categories
```

3. Get 🌴plants by categories <br/>

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/category/${id}
```

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/category/1
```

4. Get 🌴Plants Detail <br/>

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/plant/${id}
```

```bash
https://openapi.programming-hero.com/api/plant/1
```

---

## ✅ Main Requirements

#### 1) Navbar

-   Website **logo/name** on the **left**
-   **Menu items** in the **center**
-   **Plant a Tree button** on the **right**

#### 2) Banner

-   A **background image**
-   A **title** and **subtitle**
-   A **centered button**

#### 3) About Campaign

-   **Section heading**
-   **Image on the left**, **text on the right**

#### 4) Our Impact Section

-   Show **3 cards** with campaign **statistics**

#### 5) Plant a Tree Today Section & Footer

-   **Form**: Name, Email, Number of Trees
-   **Footer** with copyright info

#### 6) Responsiveness

-   Website must be **mobile responsive**

## ⚙️ Functionalities

1. Category Loading
   Load Tree Categories dynamically on the left side.

2. Category Click → Tree Data
   On clicking a category: load trees of that category.

Display in a 3-column card layout.

3.  Card Contents
    Each card includes:

           - Image

           -  Name

           - Short description

           - Category

           - Price

           - Add to Cart button

4.  Modal on Card Click
    Clicking a tree name on a card opens a modal with full tree details.

## 🧪 Challenges

    1) Add to Cart
    Clicking Add to Cart: - Adds the tree to Cart List
                          - Shows tree name

    2) Total Calculation
    Calculate total price of trees in cart.

    3) Remove from Cart
    Clicking ❌ removes tree and deducts price from total.

    4) Loading Spinner
    Show spinner while data is loading.

    5) Active Button State
    Highlight active category button when selected.

🧰 Technology Stack:

        HTML

        CSS (Vanilla / Tailwind / DaisyUI)

        JavaScript (Vanilla only, no frameworks)

📌 Rules
✅ At least 5 meaningful commits

❌ No dummy text or Lorem Ipsum — must use relevant content

## 🔗 Submission

-   **Live Link :** YOUR_DEPLOYED_URL_HERE
-   **GitHub Private Repository:** YOUR_REPO_URL_HERE

---
